## Rocket League Player Statistics Data Visualization
Visit my GitHub hosted visualization: [https://dennisjunior111.github.io/dataviz-RocketLeagueStats/](https://dennisjunior111.github.io/dataviz-RocketLeagueStats/)

Or visit my original vis built with block builder: [http://bl.ocks.org/dennisjunior111/92bf6064cd1d5810be1bd17f67deb95b](http://bl.ocks.org/dennisjunior111/92bf6064cd1d5810be1bd17f67deb95b)

# Description
This visualization describes Rocket League statistics generated by top players in the first three seasons of Rocket League's League Play (qualifiers to participate in each years Rocket League Champtionship Series). The original compiled data can be found at Parrallel.GG, and the processed CSV version on my Github.

The default scatter plot describes an individuals win percentage to their miscellaneous score per game (score which is aquired through objectives such as scoring, assiting, clearing the ball, saving the ball, etc.). The user may select the continuous statistics as either the x-axis or y-axis. One can also select a nominal attribute to color the corresponding circles.

This example demonstrates usage of a new library called d3-component and Redux to create a scatter plot with menus for X, Y, and color, and some animations. It's an experiment to see how things play out when pairing D3 directly with Redux, without React in the middle.

## Forked from a Template Project

This project is a fork from a template project, with my own code specifically for Rocket League Statistics visualization.

The template project that uses Webpack and D3. Designed as a starting point for interactive data visualization projects that require JavaScript code to be organized across many files (as ES6 modules).

The starter code here is from [Stylized Scatter Plot with Color Legend](https://bl.ocks.org/curran/ecb09f2605c7fbbadf0eeb75da5f0a6b).

## Development

This project uses NPM and Webpack. To get started, clone the repository and install dependencies like this:

```
cd dataviz-project-template
npm install
```

You'll need to build the JavaScript bundle using WebPack, using this command:

```
npm run build
```

To see the page run, you'll need to serve the site using a local HTTP server.

```
npm install -g http-server
http-server
```

Now the site should be available at localhost:8080.

For automatic refreshing during development, you can start the Webpack Dev Server like this:

```
npm run serve
```
